{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green101\blue121;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c32401\c39745\c47507;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. 
\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 In the main.storyboard, the Storyboard Entry point is very important while launching,
\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 It tells the simulator which view to initiate first. Or else, it is going to show errors after lauching.
\f0\i0 \cf0 \

\f1\i \cf2 When accidentally deleting it, click on the first view and then the attribute and mark the Entry point selection
\f0\i0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
2. Copy the height of the cell and paste it into the table view row height, this will makes every cell in the table view have the same height\
\
3. 
\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 Problem I met last time, after clicking on the double ring on the left, if the corresponding swift code of the storyboard does not show up, check on the storyboard identity class name to see if it is the correct swift code class name\
\
4.The URL link in the JSON file of Flixter. backdrop path is the wider version of the poster \
\
5.While dragging the cell to a new UIView, we mainly use show or present modally. Others are for iPads, and the things below that are not being used that often.\
\
6.after deleting the related declaration of an asset in the UI swift code, we need to delete the property name that has been created in the storyboard property too.\
\
7.adding tab bar controller and choose \'93view controllers\'94 as relation to another view\
\
8. if a tab does not have its own \'93navigation controller\'94, its history will be messed up. So, after the tab bar controller, each branch needs its own navigation controller.\
\
9.There is going to be one swift file per screen (THEY CANNOT SHARE!!!!)\
\
10. Collection view has to cover the navigation bar all the way to the top\
\
11. For the swift code for the cell, it needs to put into its class name and its reusable property name\
\
12. If you want images stay together without having any margins or white board, also put imageview with \'93aspect fill\'94 and \'93clip to bound\'94}